{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon15\snext16\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs48\ab\loch\f3\fs48 Heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon15\snext16\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36 Heading 2;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af7\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af8 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af8\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af8 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.1.2.1$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/65905a128db06ba48db947242809d14d3f9a93fe}{\info{\creatim\yr2020\mo3\dy12\hr13\min53}{\revtim\yr2020\mo3\dy12\hr13\min53}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\viewscale60
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s1\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs48\ab\loch\f3\fs48\sb240\sa120{{\*\bkmkstart SNU3_DEVELOPER_LOG_WEEK_58}{\*\bkmkend SNU3_DEVELOPER_LOG_WEEK_58}\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log Week 58}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 400}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I didn't have too many unique plans for today. Today, I focused mainly on a browser sniffing script update, with the usual documentation, and I also began planning the April Fools jokes for this year. A lot of progress was made in the field of SNU Browser sniffing today, with support for over a dozen new browsers.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I had an orientation at the Humane Society today, we went an hour early, thinking it was at 4:00 pm, when it was actually at 5:00 pm. It significantly slowed me down afterwards, and I struggled to produce the update that I was planning comfortably. Browser sniffing planning is getting really advanced now.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on March 5th 2020}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 401}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I was really stressed out with time limits when finalizing last nights update. I made it a lot easier for myself today because of this. Today, I worked on a normal documentation update, with some improvements to BrowserNose.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I ended up being overloaded with tasks again tonight, as I underestimated how much I needed to do. It is now the weekend, and I plan on going to my friend Michaels house tomorrow. I have some very small plans for tomorrow as a break for the past 2 stressful days.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on March 6th 2020}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 402}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I was going to do some volunteering this morning, but I slept in too late. Last night, I worked hard for hours on the website, but was not able to get everything done by 10:04 pm. The only thing that was left out yesterday was an update to the Firefox browser sniffing script. Today, I will visit my friend Michael at 4:00 pm, so I have to get some development done beforehand again.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I stumbled across some things I forgot to do, such as create a Brave browser sniffing script, and snapshot the Week 57 blog on the same day of creation. I corrected those issues today, and I also worked on the usual documentation, and another major BrowserNose update, with new graphics and documentation. Today was a decent day for development, I took it easier today.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Testing for browser sniffing scripts has stopped on the Update log for now, and is being continued on the BrowserNose homepage.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on March 7th 2020}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 403}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I didn't do as much with development today. Window 10 has been a pain for me lately, I have to suffer with it for years as it gets worse and worse. I hope to switch to Linux when possible. Today, I have had excessively high CPU usage (50-80% at all times) from system processes that don't need to be running. It has drained my battery significantly, and wasted a lot of my time. It didn't let me do as much.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Today, I did some tweaks to the sites browser sniffing functions, along with the homepage. I also did some slightly above average documentation improvements. I go back to school again tomorrow, and I really hope battery doesn't prove to be an issue again.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I plan on doing new things again tomorrow. The time skipped forward by an hour today, so I lost an hour of development time as well. I really don't know why daylight savings time is still a thing.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on March 8th 2020}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 404}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I started school again today, and I made an update plan for today. Today, I will be updating older articles (March 6th 2020) as I am now converting update log and developer log articles in 4 new formats (DOC, DOCX, UOT, RTF) my CPU usage is still an issue, but it isn't as bad at school.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Along with documentation and exported files, today I worked on pages for new settings for video players, and the instant functionality of things. I also began work on a new disease research center, which can be used to research and learn about current and older diseases, including the COVID-19 (CoronaVirus) pandemic.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on March 9th 2020}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 405}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I had a very short development day today, despite having 61 commits, not much was done. This is due to how many documents got exported. I am trying to learn to cope with my new CPU issues, I am really hoping this isn't a permanent thing and will go away soon, as it is making it really hard for me, and there is no fix for several months.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Today, I worked on massive document exporting again (massive as in, there were over 20 commits related to document exports alone) and I worked on a small BrowserNose, and disease center update. Small amounts of documentation were made as well, and that was it. Today wasn't a very good day for development. My laptop has a massive issue monthly, sometimes it stays, sometimes it goes. By the way it currently looks, it looks like this issue is going to stay, and I might have to learn to readjust my entire schedule to get used to it. I hate Windows 10 more and more every day.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on March 10th 2020}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\loch\f3\fs36{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 406}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I am starting to get used to the laptop CPU issue, but it has affected my website development due to time loss and distraction. Today, I didn't do much again, I had less time to develop today, and I just made a few minor changes.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Today, I worked on site settings, improved documentation, and disease research. Nothing else was done today. I have been lacking lately, mostly due to the new CPU issue, but also because of a minor cold. Development should pick back up again soon.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I have plans for the weekend, but school day updates may be a lot smaller. I am actively working on finding a new laptop so that I can have a more functional laptop that runs Linux. If necessary, SNU may need to be rewritten to support Ubuntu/Fedora, the 2 distros I have chosen as candidates to switch to. I really hope it doesn't come to that, as that would take a lot of time to rewrite.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on March 11th 2020}
\par }