{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs48\ab\loch\f3\fs48 Heading 1;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af7\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af8 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af8\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\noline\dbch\af8 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.1.2.1$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/65905a128db06ba48db947242809d14d3f9a93fe}{\info{\creatim\yr2020\mo4\dy2\hr15\min55}{\revtim\yr2020\mo4\dy2\hr15\min57}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\viewscale60
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s1\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs48\ab\loch\f3\fs48\sb240\sa120{{\*\bkmkstart SNU3_DEVELOPER_LOG_DAY_427}{\*\bkmkend SNU3_DEVELOPER_LOG_DAY_427}\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 427}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I have really been out of it lately. I was going to try and do something again today, but it didn't work out. Today I have adopted a new library from GitHub called NoCode, it will be part of the SNU 3.4.0 branch, you can view it here }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "about:blank" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU 3.4.0beta1}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I only worked on documentation today, as that is all I was capable of.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
A major issue came up today that will really hinder site development. I wrote an article about it }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "file:///C:/Users/SeanPM/Desktop/SNU/M3V7/2D/Users/Extras/The-New-Apple-iframe.html" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
The Apple purchase of the iframe element}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
 I want to keep SNU open source, but I am worried about what Apple plans to do with this crucially important tag. I am going to have to pay a fine to even use it }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "file:///C:/Users/SeanPM/Desktop/SNU/M3V7/2D/Users/Template%20Acc/Entries/apple.com/web/iframe_license_cost" }{\fldrslt {\cf9\ul\ulc0\langfe255\alang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
License cost of an apple iframe license is $99}{}}}\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
 I honestly can't believe this, they have received so much criticism for this, as so many people are currently using the tag, that they took the page down. Now there is no way to pay your iFee! Someone needs to get together and get a tag that can't be branded by a current company. So that is why development will be starting on the wwwframe project. I don't have the capacity to work on it yet, so I outsourced it to the Knome foundation, as GNOME and KDE have come together to fix things today. It should be ready in a few weeks, then Apple will be screwed! This is the longest entry I have ever done. I don't know if anyone is going to buy this tnih tnih (:}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
April Fools! To be serious now, development has been a bit difficult lately, I seem to finally be getting better today. I have been in a lot of pain, and I have had lots of focus issues. I am going to begin an experiment on myself tomorrow to try and fix this. I have plans for more site updates once I get my life together again.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Last years April Fools joke was so bad, I can't even consider it an April Fools joke. So this year is the first year for these. I don't think a really suspectible link with rage comics can qualify as a prank, so this year I spent over a month preparing with my April Fools planning time. This year, there were 2 jokes, that include the adoption of nocode for SNU 3.4.0, which is literally nothing, and apple buying the iframe element, it is believable, and I put some work into making someone fall for it. I am just saving these jokes up at the moment, as I have no audience yet. Only a documentation update was made today, I have been very poorly functional lately, and things are finally looking up now, so I might get back to work tomorrow.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on April 1st 2020}
\par }