{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon15\snext16\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs48\ab\loch\f3\fs48 Heading 1;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af7\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af8 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af8\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af8 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.1.2.1$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/65905a128db06ba48db947242809d14d3f9a93fe}{\info{\creatim\yr2020\mo4\dy3\hr16\min37}{\revtim\yr2020\mo4\dy3\hr16\min37}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\viewscale60
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s1\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs48\ab\loch\f3\fs48\sb240\sa120{{\*\bkmkstart SNU3_DEVELOPER_LOG_DAY_428}{\*\bkmkend SNU3_DEVELOPER_LOG_DAY_428}\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
SNU developer log day 428}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I wrote a "hidden" comment yesterday about my issues lately and how they benefited the April Fools joke. They actually did. I have been having ongoing severe issues with tension for 3 days now, the first 2 days were intolerable for work. I have had issues with jaw tension my whole life, and I have taken medications for it. There is currently an issue with hypertension that I am working out, but it was good enough today to let me actually work on my website. I had more time to work on it as well, and the sun is finally shining outside again today (it has been hailing and raining a lot lately)}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I was going to work on the Internet Museum more today, but I had some other projects I wanted to work on. I thought I started a 3D printing part of the site, but it turns out, I didn't. So today, I added in a 3D printing center to the site, and a place to make puzzles, as VLC has the option, but SNU needs its own puzzle system. I also did the usual documentation, with preparation for the week 61 article to be exported, and also I worked on a few pages on the SNU Internet Museum. Today was a comeback day from 2 days of failure after hypertension in my jaw stopped me dead in my tracks. I hope to continue development strong again tomorrow.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
So a change will happen to the developer log soon (before April 25th 2020) I originally tried to have a daily separate blog system back in the beginning of SNU 3 development, but it died off, as it was too hard to manage. I have now been managing a new attempt of this for both the developer log and update log for over a month now, and I have done a great job on it. I will replace the original dead links with a JsvaScript alert, then when I get more advanced, it will just redirect to the dead link if chosen. This is a small change, but it will be the first usage of the JavaScript [alert] element on the developer log.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I did pretty well with site development today. I am starting to get back to site development again. Spring Break is coming up soon, so I will have even more site development time if I can schedule right and keep up.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
I was reintroduced to VLC later tonight. After a bunch of fatal crashes last year, I decided to give it a try again this year after accidentally opening a file. It is something I have been missing for a long time. It is the likely missing piece to the lack of happiness I have had for months now. Even with crashes, I am going to keep using it.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang1033
Sean Patrick Myrick on April 2nd 2020}
\par }